# COSC 310 Team 5 Project

This is the public repository team 5 will be using to collaborate on the project throughout the term.

### Explanation of classes:
 - InventorySystemMain: this is the main class with the main logic, although the program is mainly event-based. It contains 7 methods that are called by event listener within the MainUI class: load, save, add, edit, order, transaction, and setTime. This class contains instances of MainUI (for methods related to the GUI), JFileChooser (for opening/saving files), LocalDate (for determining when Orders have arrived), Database (for tracking the loaded database), an arraylist of Orders (for tracking all current Orders), and a double revenue for tracking the total gain/loss of that session.
 - MainUI: this is the main UI window that contains the listener that calls back to methods in InventorySystemMain. This class also contains a method for updating the visual JTable element when the backend Database instance is changed, as well as a method for updating the revenue label and returning the currently selected row.
 - PasswordUI: this is a fairly barebones UI class that simply checks if the user entered the correct password before the window got disposed.
 - ProductUI: this is the UI window used for adding new products to the database as well as editing existing products. Its event listener method does error checking for input validation before allowing the data to be submitted to the parent dialogue.
 - TransactionUI: this is the UI window used for simulating customer transactions as well as ordering new stock for products. Its event listener compiles a dictionary structure for each product and the quantity selected before being disposed.
 - SetTimeUI: this is the UI window used for simulating the passage of time within the program, it is fairly simple and only consists of a listener that returns the 2 integer values (months and days to fast forward) upon activation.
 - Order: this is the class that tracks orders the administrator has made for new stock. It contains a Product instance (to identify what product is being ordered), an integer quantity (for tracking how many of the product was ordered), a LocalDate instance of the day the order was placed (to track when the order arrives), and a boolean value to determine if this order is still in shipment or has been received. This class also contains a boolean method to check given the current date whether the order has arrived yet as well as a void method to handle everything when the order is received.
